Draken, I had,
I had no idea you
were on death row.
What the hell happened to you?
Whatever could've made
you murder someone?
If I could relive my life,
there's one thing
I'd do differently.
(Draken angrily breathing)
I would kill Kisaki!
So Naoto, who the
hell is this Kisaki?
You ever heard of him?
Tetta Kisaki.
He's one of the key figures
in the Tokyo Manji
Gang right now.
He's also the acting commander.
I think he must be the one
who keeps having
my sister killed.
The police have done
everything possible
to investigate him, but we
don't have a single lead.
Naoto,
the way I see it,
there's only one option.
I've got to take over Toman!
If I become the head of Toman,
I'll be able to stop Kisaki.
Then, I can protect everyone,
like Draken, Mikey, and Hina.
This is how we're gonna
get at the source:
take it down.
All right, then.
I believe in you.
[Takemichi] Good.
(energetic rock music)
It's finally happening.
(Kawata chuckles)
Takemitchy, let's go.
Got a new 3rd Division
Captain to welcome.
Huh?
(opening theme music)
(motorcycles revving)
(foreboding music)
(Takemichi lightly exhales)
(Kawata chuckles)
[Gang] Good evening, sir!
(foreboding music continues)
We're here to officially name
the new captain of
the 3rd Division!
[Takemichi] The new
3rd Division Captain?
So who do you think's
gonna get chosen?
Peh, maybe?
Yeah, not gonna happen.
Do you think they'd pick
the guy who attacked Draken
to be a captain?
[Member] No way.
[Member] Then who is it?
[Member] Me, maybe?
[Member] Yeah, right.
[Takemichi] Are they not here?
Wait, could it be?
No, of course not.
3rd Division Captain,
step forward!
[Takemichi] Huh?
Is Mikey calling for me?
-Well?
-Don't look at me.
-Come on.
-Yes, sir!
(gang members murmuring)
Move aside!
So that's the new
3rd Division Captain?
[Member] Which? The big
one or the small one?
[Takemichi] Yeah, of course
it wasn't gonna be me.
(gang members murmuring)
Wait.
(ominous music)
(Takemichi nervously breathing)
(ominous music continues)
I've seen him before.
Who is he again?
(ominous music continues)
(gang members chattering)
-What's his deal?
-Is he crazy?
[Member] He's sitting with
his back to the commander!
Who do you think you are?
You serious?
What the hell's your problem?
(gang members protesting)
[Member] What, he's not
even gonna say anything?
[Member] What the hell's
wrong with this guy?
All right, listen
up, you grunts!
Toman's new captain
of the 3rd Division
is sitting here right behind me:
Tetta Kisaki!
(intense music)
I was scared, Takemichi.
Just so scared of Kisaki.
I would kill Kisaki!
Kisaki's the one
behind everything.
(eerie music)
[Takemichi] That's Kisaki?
I never expected him to just
show up right in front of me!
What should I do?
[Member] I've seen
this guy before!
[Member] He's from
Moebius, isn't he?
Wait, he's from Moebius?
What's someone from
Moebius doing here?
[Member] Get the
hell out, Moebius!
Yeah, just piss off!
[Gang] Piss off! Piss off!
Piss off! Piss off!
Shut up! That's
Mikey's decision!
Anyone who doesn't
like it, step forward!
We gotta be ready
to take on Valhalla!
This new Valhalla we're facing
is so huge that Moebius is
like nothing next to them!
To beat them, Toman
will need to grow too!
Tetta Kisaki here did a good job
of keeping our
generation in check
while he was with Moebius.
We'll need him on our
side to fight Valhalla!
So Kisaki is now
the new captain!
Remember that!
This appointment
ceremony is over!
(menacing music)
[Takemichi] Shit! This is
the worst possible outcome!
Not only is Kisaki in Toman,
but he's jumped straight to
being 3rd Division Captain!
(menacing music continues)
Commander!
Thank you, sir!
Right.
(menacing music continues)
What could Mikey be thinking?
He out of his mind?
-Let's go.
-Right!
(nervously panting) Damn it!
This means that
Hina's going to...
(menacing music continues)
(Takemichi heavily breathing)
-(punch thuds)
-Ugh!
(Takemichi grunts)
(Takemichi panting)
(gang members gasping)
What in the hell?
Takemitchy!
Huh?
(Takemichi panting)
[Member] What's that all about?
[Member] Holy shit.
[Member] The top brass
is gonna kill him!
What the? You out of your mind?
(Takemichi nervously panting)
[Takemichi] Oh, shit.
Now I've done it.
You ain't even in Toman,
what the hell are you doing?
Ruining the ceremony?
Draken, I,
I wasn't, uh,
I didn't-
Takemitchy, you gone nuts?
[Kawata] Hey, you
spitting in Mikey's eye?
That what you're doing?
No! Honest, you guys,
I... (nervously panting)
I wasn't trying to-
Hey, so what's going on here?
(foreboding music)
Looks like I nearly
missed the fun.
Baji.
Hey, you shouldn't be here.
[Takemichi] Huh,
Baji? Who's that?
-(punch thuds)
-Ugh!
-(Baji grunting)
-(Takemichi groaning)
-(punch thuds)
(Takemichi groaning)
(Baji laughing)
All right, that's enough.
Let go, Mitsuya,
or I'll kill you.
What is it? Why are you here?
(Takemichi groaning)
Mikey!
Why are you here, Baji?
You've been banned from
attending our meetings,
remember?
Yeah, I do,
and I just slugged
this twerp in the face.
(Takemichi groaning)
So does that mean I'm
finally gonna be fired
for ruining your
precious meeting?
[Takemichi] What the hell
is this guy talking about?
Baji.
Fine, I'll join Valhalla.
You don't want any
troublemakers, do you, Mikey?
Baji!
(light intense music)
So your 1st Division Captain
will just go ahead and resign,
and starting right now,
Toman's former captain
becomes its enemy.
(gang members chattering)
[Takemichi] He was
1st Division Captain,
and he just quit?
(gang members murmuring)
(chuckles) Looks
like Toman is a mess.
(gang members chattering)
Baji.
Don't sweat it, Mikey.
That's just how it is.
Yeah.
So hey, Takemitchy.
Huh?
Face or gut?
Take your choice.
Huh? What do you mean?
Personally, I'd
choose your face.
Which will it be?
Gut, my gut.
-(punch thuds)
-Ugh!
(laughs) You tightened
your gut, didn't you?
(Takemichi groaning)
Ow.
Oh right,
Kisaki punched me.
But why did I punch him?
Kisaki's the new 3rd
Division Captain.
My plan was to become
the head of Toman,
but that's not
looking very likely.
Huh?
You awake?
[Takemichi] Mikey?
What's Mikey doing here?
You don't like
Kisaki, am I right?
[Takemichi] Oh,
well, uh, I, uh...
You know, it's tough
growing an organization.
You get some new guys in
and then the old ones leave.
There's still so far to
go to reach my dream.
Yes, but Mikey...
I need something
from you. A favor.
Oh.
Sure.
I got this childhood friend.
Yeah?
Well, we were just
neighbors, really.
We weren't super
close or anything.
[Takemichi] Mikey's
childhood friend.
They must be pretty crazy.
You know, the guy was always
picking fights with me
and I'd kick his ass
every single time.
Wow, he would keep
picking fights with you?
You're kidding!
That guy must've been nuts.
He's the guy who punched
your lights out earlier.
I sorta got punched by two guys.
So which one?
1st Division Captain.
Keisuke Baji.
That Baji's a pretty
unpredictable guy, isn't he?
Yeah, I still have no idea
why he wanted to punch me.
(laughs) He's always
been like that.
He'd slug someone walking
by just 'cause he was tired.
He set a car on fire one time
just 'cause he was hungry.
Yeah, of course.
This guy goes way
beyond unpredictable.
Anyway, that's what he's like.
He was there to
help us start Toman.
He was a founding member?
When Toman began, I was in
middle school, first year.
It was Draken, Mitsuya, Pah,
Baji and me.
(serene music)
So the five of you.
That's right.
We all got together and
established this team.
Takemitchy, I want you to
bring Baji back from Valhalla.
I really kinda like
the guy, you know?
Think you can do that?
Yeah!
If that's what you
want, Mikey, you got it!
But, uh,
do you think I could ask
for one thing in return?
What?
Kisaki.
You've gotta
kick Kisaki out of Toman!
Huh?
Why'd you bring someone
like him into your gang?
I can't explain it to you,
but trust me, the
guy is bad news!
He's gonna, Kisaki is gonna
destroy Toman in the future!
No matter what I say, he's
never gonna understand.
Fine.
What? Really?
We're going to end
up butting heads
with Valhalla pretty soon.
Just bring Baji
back before then.
Prove you can be more
useful to me than Kisaki.
You don't have to tell me
that Kisaki's bad news.
But at the same time,
I know he's strong,
and in the future, we're
gonna need that strength.
You go work this
out, Takemitchy.
Remember, you're the one who
brought this trade to me.
But if you fail,
I'll kill you.
-Mitsuya!
-Huh?
How long are you gonna
keep eavesdropping?
Come on out!
It's not like I can't see
see your dumb silver hair.
(chuckles) Caught in the act.
I was looking for the bathroom
and I heard you guys talking.
[Takemichi] Mitsuya.
Anyway, your timing's perfect.
Listen, I've decided to
assign Takemitchy here
to your 2nd Division.
-Huh?
Takemitchy,
starting from today,
you're a member of Toman.
Good to have you with us.
It's super good to be
with you, thank you!
Guess this is the reward
I get for eavesdropping.
[Mikey] We should
be heading back.
[Mitsuya] Yeah.
You go ahead.
I'm gonna wash this
blood off first.
(both chuckling)
(Takemichi spits)
So all this time I wasn't
even a member of Toman?
Of course not!
And yet, I actually told Naoto
that I was gonna become
the head of Toman.
How embarrassing!
But
at least I've got a lead, Naoto!
If I can drag Baji
back to Toman,
I might be able to
get Kisaki kicked out.
Huh.
But why did Baji quit
Toman in the first place?
Huh?
A charm?
I wonder whose it is?
What's this?
Oh, it's a picture.
(gentle music)
It's Mikey, and Draken!
So young!
Mitsuya's there, too!
And Pah!
And Baji.
So these are all the
founding members.
This is amazing! I can't
believe I found this.
One, two, three, four, five,
there are six of them.
But I thought there were
only five founding members?
Who's this guy? He seems
super close to Baji.
He's got a tattoo on his neck.
Who is he?
(soft epic music)
It's been a while.
Kazutora.
(closing theme music)
(vocalists singing in Japanese)